Nina: Hi, do you have a moment to talk about the upgrade?
You: Sure.
Nina: I understand that Shannon has concerns about the cost of the software,
but I don’t think she understands how critical it is to the success of the system.
We’ll need to purchase it eventually, and we’re going to regret holding off.
It will cause a lot of headaches to install it on the back end
after the system goes live.
You: I hear what you’re saying, but Shannon knows what she’s doing.
She has a different perspective than we do, and at this point in time,
the upgrade isn’t necessary.
Nina: Based on her response to the purchase request,
it looks like she just needs more information to justify the cost.
I can put something together if you think that will change her mind.
You: Thank you for offering, but I don’t think that will be necessary.
We need to just move forward as planned without the upgrade.